[ telephone ringing ]
[ indistinct conversations ]
At ted king auto sales, we want
you to command your price!
Don't miss our year-end
blow-out sale
Where we will put you
in a new used car!
And remember,
at ted king auto sales,
Our family gives...
Both: ...Yours...
[  fanfare plays]
...The royal treatment!
People don't want
The "royal treatment"
anymore, dad.
Selling cars is not
the relationship-based business
It used to be.
Half of our customers don't
even live in l.A. County.
I think what little ted
is trying to say
Is that
the industry's changing.
You see?
Ray agrees with me.
The beta test --
don't put this on ray!
It's not about agreeing.
It's just
that online sales --
Dad, mom and uncle joe left me
their shares of the business
So I could save it from you.
That's exactly what
I'm gonna do right now.
Ray, am I boring you?
Oh, god.
I'm sorry, little ted.
It's olivia.
She's running late.
[ chuckles ] run away
before your wife gets here.
You know, your bad behavior
is handing her my life's work.
1/8 of the business, which she's
almost ready to sell back.
And don't worry.
I got that all figured out.
Figured out?
Is that what you call
dismissing 2/3 of our staff?
I'm not firing 25 people.
I'm saving the other 12.
[ scoffs ]
I waited
until after christmas.
[ scoffs ]
Remember, don't give
the sales guys their pink slips
Until they're off the floor
for the day.
Uh, little ted, listen.
If we could just wait
until February --
Ray, we are doing it
just like this.
[ telephone ringing ]
[ sighs ]
Lisa: Off early today,
little ted?
Yeah, sure am, lisa.
Heading to the airport
to pick up darren.
Listen,
I just want you to know
How much
my family's appreciated
All your hard work here
over the past 20 years, okay?
Hope this turns out to be
for the best.
Thank you.
[ chuckles ]
Hey, there, tommy.
I just wanted
to thank you again
For all your years
of service.
And remember,
at ted king auto sales...
Wait a second.
Ted?
Both: ...Yours...
What?
The royal treatment!
[  fanfare plays]
Arturo, I told you
I wanted the mercedes s.U.V.
Ah, you know what?
Never mind.
I'm sorry, amigo.
It's the times. Not me.
Que, mr. Teddy?
Business changing,
you understand?
No more car-o
detergente...O.
Nothing personal, arturo,
But you should have seen
this coming.
[ engine turns over ]
[ explosion ]
[ car alarms blaring ]
[ police radio chatter ]
Why are we
just standing here?
Uh, can't get control
of the crime scene.
Because?
Lieutenant reid, bomb squad.
No kidding.
Uh, what's going on?
Well, we're still catching up,
okay? Safety first.
Well, wouldn't
the safest place here
Be next to the car
that has already exploded?
I'd like to see it.
We need to send our dogs through
every vehicle on this lot
Before you can go
beyond this line.
We cleared the showroom.
The 30 people who were present
at the time of the incident
Are waiting to give you
their statement.
You can start your investigation
there. Excuse me.
Reid!
Ask the fire department
Not to wash away
all of our evidence!
Okay?!
Lieutenant provenza,
if the building here is clear,
Maybe we can get a good shot of
the crime scene from the roof.
We are surrounded by fire trucks
with ladders.
I don't climb.
We'll transmit the picture
to you on this.
[ siren wailing ]
[ police radio chatter ]
All right. W-who's the guy
on the gurney?
Sykes: Uh, the victim's father,
ted king sr.
He was inside
when the mercedes exploded,
Started experiencing chest pains
when he learned it was his son.
Ah. Not a good day
to be the king.
So, the bombed-out car, sir,
It was just traded in
to the dealership last week.
Before that, the mercedes
was registered
To a shayan rashidi,
an iranian businessman.
According to the employees,
The victim was picking up
someone from the airport.
Well, if we're writing a report
using words like "iranian,"
"bomb," and "airport,"
set up a command tent.
This is gonna take a while.
Hey, hey, and -- and let's
start interviewing everyone.
Let's find out
who's who in the zoo.
Yes, sir.
I can see debris
as far as...
Oh, maybe 40 yards
from the epicenter.
Hey, doesn't that put us
inside the blast radius?
It does.
Holy cow.
Guy never knew what hit him.
Rusty! Watch out!
You got to --
I'm just passing them.
Rusty, you are tailgating,
And you didn't even signal
your intention.
Well, signaling before
changing lanes in l.A.
Is like asking the people
behind you to speed up.
[ cellphone ringing ]
This isn't about
beating the other drivers
To the stoplight, rusty.
If the undercover element
in the s.I.S. --
If you don't signal,
they can't follow you properly.
Plus, it's the law.
Yes, lieutenant.
We're on our way.
I'll be there
in about 10 minutes.
[ chuckles ]
no need to rush.
Things are moving here
At what could best be described
as a deliberate pace.
How deliberate?
We still don't have access
To the victim
or to the body.
Oh, my god!
What the hell is that?
Rusty!
Leave at least one car length
in front of you
In case you need to make
an evasive maneuver.
Sharon, I learned how to drive
when I was 12 years old
With my mom o.D.Ing
in the backseat.
I think I can handle
a life-and-death situation.
The way you drive is
Okay, pull over.
Wait! Signal.
Then pull over.
Uh, captain.
I'm sorry, lieutenant.
Go ahead.
Well, it appears
That we now have limited access
to the victim.
Um, we'll be ready for you
in an hour or so.
Uh, I'm coming now.
Is that a kneecap?
Switch seats with me.
Why?
Because I am driving the rest
of the way to the crime scene.
No. Sharon,
I'm supposed to be training
for my first day on the --
You need further instruction
from someone you will listen to
Because if the s.I.S. Officer
in charge
Doesn't think
you're going to drive
The way he wants you to,
This operation will be
postponed or canceled.
Understood?
Buckle up.
Ah, we positively identified
the victim off the prints
We got from the fingers
we found on the roof.
Ted king jr.,
a.K.A. Little ted.
Okay.
Amy, you have evasive
driving training
From your s.I.S. Days,
correct?
Yeah, reverse follow,
wing car,
Vehicle containment
techniques.
I was wondering
if you would take over
Rusty's behind-the-wheel driving
while I finish up here.
Oh, of course.
Sounds like fun.
It's not.
Uh, where is he?
He is practicing
his parallel parking
On the street.
Thank you.
Excuse me, captain.
Bomb squad reporting.
Reid:
Here's what we know.
A vehicle exploded
at 1134 hours.
The blast pattern indicates
An inciting reaction with
extremely high deflagration.
He means
it was definitely a bomb.
And in mapping the geography
of the debris field
Back to the blast point,
The device was likely anterior
to the fuel tank,
Piggybacked on
to the solenoid.
The bomb had a trigger.
Well, where is the trigger?
We haven't, uh, been able
to fully access the evidence.
They haven't found the trigger.
Captain, this is ray winters,
ted king auto's comptroller.
Mr. Winters handles
The day-to-day finances
of the dealership.
Mr. Winters,
thank you for your help.
You knew the victim well?
Since he was a baby, yes.
We're very sorry.
This must be hard on you.
We'll keep it quick.
Sir, was there anything
out of the ordinary
Going on here
at ted king auto this morning?
Uh, out of the ordinary?
Uh, no, not really.
Except, you know,
little ted's car exploded.
Sanchez: I'm not sure
that's accurate.
Captain, lieutenant,
this is arturo pasillas.
He said the car that exploded
wasn't little ted's.
But we know it belonged
to the dealership.
Right. But arturo says
That mr. King came to work
this morning in a porsche
And that today
was the first time
He'd ever set foot
in the mercedes.
Thank you.
Gentlemen.
So, if the mercedes was not
little ted's regular vehicle,
Whose was it?
Sharon is so...Uh,
w-what's the word?
Like, fixsafe -- like,
fixated on the rules.
I-I like her, of course,
But we're just different
people, obviously.
Obviously.
And I've already spent
a lot of time,
Uh, like, blending in
with crowds and staying alert.
Isn't that
what undercover's all about?
You're not going undercover.
You're gonna be in plain sight
all the time.
But that's only if you can
demonstrate your training,
And you're not doing that.
[ scoffs ]
w-what?
You're -- you're
criticizing me already.
Amy, I-I just got
in the car.
Without checking the backseat
of your vehicle
For an assailant,
which you've been told
a thousands times to do.
Oh, my god.
I have been in the car
for like two seconds.
If you screw up
the drive tomorrow --
And not checking
the backseat first
Is screwing up the drive --
This whole operation
to draw out
The person writing you
threatening letters
Will be called off.
And if you don't want that
to happen,
You need to spend
the rest of the day
Doing exactly
what I tell you.
[ sighs ]
start your engine,
Check your mirrors,
and pull away from the curb.
[ engine turns over ]
Signal!
Yes, drill sergeant.
Emma:
Why is the fbi e-mailing me
About a terror threat
I don't know about?
The mercedes that blew up
this morning,
Well, it was previously owned
by that guy there.
Uh, shayan rashidi
from northridge.
Oh, my god. Is he under arrest
for terrorism?
No, he's a third-generation
u.S. Citizen,
Cleared by the fbi.
So, bye-bye, mr. Rashidi.
Sanchez: According
to the dealership staff,
The mercedes was on the lot
for five days.
It was never
test-driven.
And it had just been cleaned
and serviced two days ago.
Well, one thing for sure --
ted jr. Jumps into a car
That he had never driven
without checking it out,
Which means he wasn't
feeling that threatened.
Or he wasn't the target
to begin with.
Maybe the mercedes
insurance policy can tell us
Who else was cleared
to drive it.
Uh, it won't, sir.
According to the salespeople,
big ted and little ted
Have some kind of special deal
That allowed them
to drive off the lot
In any car they wanted
and even give a vehicle
To someone else as a loaner
fully insured.
Andy, where are we
with the search warrant
For the dealership's
financial records?
It was denied.
Judge richwood said
that we could subpoena
The king family's personal and
corporate credit-card accounts,
But that's it.
What are you hoping
to find?
Motive.
Tao: This could be it.
I've been searching
the victim's computer
For mercedes references,
and look at this.
"I don't care
about the mercedes, teddy.
All I want is you."
Was the victim married?
For the last five years.
"when I get back into town,
let's take a weekend trip,
"turn off our cellphones
and have some fun.
You've been working so hard."
That doesn't sound
like a wife.
The e-mail address on this
is dmt4@ittechthink.Com.
Here's another message
with a photo attached.
[ computer beeps ]
Well.
That is ted jr.
On the left, right?
Uh, yeah.
That's a lot of motive.
And a lot of gym time.
Teddy was giving me
that mercedes
As compensation, kind of.
Compensation for what,
exactly?
Services rendered.
I was doing
a lot of tech work
To bring his dealership
online.
He flew me here to l.A.
He was paying for my rent, too.
Hmm.
Uh, who else knew
That teddy was giving you
that mercedes?
Maybe his wife?
He told me that
he was offering it to her,
But she wanted a lexus,
So he got her
one of those instead.
Giving a lexus off the lot
To a woman
he was about to divorce --
Teddy sounds like
a very generous guy.
[ voice breaking ] generous
doesn't even begin...
I'm sorry.
It's all right.
Take your time.
Yeah.
[ inhales sharply ]
We...Met on a cruise
to zihuatanejo.
He took one look
at my inside cabin
And paid to have me upgraded.
I bet he upgraded you
really good.
Oh, come on.
You were thinking that.
So, tell me, darren.
Was teddy's wife
on this cruise?
Darren: Yeah.
I know -- I know.
I-I-I never thought I would get
involved with a married guy.
But it happened.
Here I am.
A year later.
And what am I gonna do now?
Teddy and his dream
just -- just gone.
We started out
transforming his business
And...We transformed each other,
instead.
Well, how did his wife feel
About this, um,
"transformation"?
Olivia --
she didn't like me very much.
I'm sure she was shocked to find
out teddy wanted to marry me.
So, teddy told his wife
That he was leaving her
for you?
Of course he did.
[ clears throat ]
Because, you know, darren,
sometimes men say things
Like "I'm gonna marry you"
just to get --
The minute the supreme court
made it legal, ted proposed.
That very same minute.
I-I just got back from tahoe
this morning,
Scouting for a place
to hold our wedding.
Ohh.
[ sighs ]
[ sniffles ]
I've been crying
for over a year now.
[ sniffles ]
Are you sure
it was teddy in that car?
Yes.
Mrs. King, have you ever
known your husband
To drive
a black mercedes s.U.V.?
Oh, that was the car?
Oh, my god.
So, you're familiar with it,
ma'am?
He was, uh...Ah,
I bet he was giving it
To his little boy toy,
darren.
Why do you say that?
Because he tried to give it
to me a couple days ago
To keep me
from suing the business.
He was probably just working
his way down the list of people
He needed to buy off.
[ sniffles ]
Teddy tossed cars
at every problem that he had.
Did teddy consider you
a problem?
Well, I am divorcing him.
Because of his infidelity?
I looked the other way
as long as I could.
But I guess part of me hoped
That even though
I was gonna take him
For every dime he was worth,
part of me still...
Hoped it could work out.
[ scoffs ]
Why were you suing
the business?
Once he found out
I was really going through
with the divorce,
He changed the dealership around
to hide money from me.
That darren boy put
all kinds of ideas in his head.
It was darren's idea to lay off
25 employees today.
Big ted tried to stop it.
"we will not be downsizing
our employees."
"no," teddy said.
"no, darren says
it's right-sizing.
Darren says."
[ sniffles ]
So, none of the employees
of ted king auto
Mentioned that they were
laid off today?
Provenza: Maybe they saw
little ted's death as a way
To save their job.
Flynn: Maybe we should have
this comptroller,
This mr. Winters guy,
come pay a visit
And bring a list
of all the employees
Who were fired
this morning.
Yeah, and big ted or ted sr.
Or w-whatever the monarch
of the family calls himself.
If he's out of the hospital
by tomorrow,
Then we ought to drag him
down here, too,
Because I'm telling you,
There is something rotten
at ted king auto sales.
Well, captain, I'm looking over
ted jr.'s personal accounts,
And if he's hiding money
from his wife,
It's not in his bank,
ma'am.
We need to ask big ted
very nicely
To open up
his dealership books.
Big news -- the bomb squad was
able to determine
The mercedes was in reverse
at the time of the explosion.
You can only do that
after the car is started.
So, this wasn't
an ignition-fired explosive.
No.
Then what was it?
Remote detonation.
The bomb squad found a receiver
in the debris,
The kind
that unlocks your car door
When you pair it up
with a key fob.
It works within a range
of about 100 feet or so.
So, someone watched little ted
get into the mercedes
Before blowing it up.
Narrowing our possible targets
down to one.
Plenty of extra key fobs
laying around a used-car lot.
Yes, that any angry employee
has access to.
Lieutenant, what about
the bomb materials?
Gunpowder-based,
a homemade pvc pipe bomb
With an improvised blasting cap
made from a christmas-tree light
And a 9-volt battery.
Wait. Hold on.
I saw something here earlier.
On little ted's
credit-card statement,
A charge made
on December 26.
I mean, who orders
christmas-tree lights
after christmas
And two 9-volt batteries?
With expedited delivery.
Provenza: So our victim
bought all the materials
For the bomb
that killed him.
Online, charged to his
company credit card, sir.
Wait.
Two 9-volt batteries?
Hmm.
That's a big, big problem.
Why?
Only one battery needed
per blasting cap.
There's another bomb
out there.
Okay, let's see.
If I sense danger,
I have to signal.
I have to stay
in the safety zone.
Also, I-if I hear gunshots,
I'm not supposed to run away.
I'm supposed to lie down
on the ground
And wait for the all-clear.
Or to bleed out.
Whatever's first.
That's not funny.
Good morning, lieutenant.
Good morning.
Do we have any leads
on the second bomb?
Lieutenant reid and his squad
double-checked all the cars
On the ted king auto lot
last night, found nothing.
They're moving on
to employees' homes.
Are mr. King and mr. Winters
here yet?
Signing in downstairs.
Okay.
Sharon, amy's waiting for me
to start my s.I.S. Briefing.
Okay. Good luck.
Sharon...
I can handle this.
Please,
just...Don't worry.
Right.
[ telephones ringing ]
[ indistinct announcement ]
[ sighs ]
Come on, sykes.
We all know the real reason
you left s.I.S.
Ah, you know, if amy worked
for me any longer,
She would have shot too many
people to ever make captain.
Lieutenant cooper will be
the s.I.S. Supervisor
On your operation.
You know what amy's
secret goal is, don't you?
That she wants to be
part of the brass.
And you don't get to be
all brassy
By shooting people,
now, do you?
So...This is our number one
for tomorrow, eh?
What?
During the operation,
Your radio call name
will be "number one."
Oh. Beats being called
number two.
Oh, you're very funny,
mr. Jump street.
Yeah, all --
all I meant was that --
Oh, very funny.
Now, sit down.
Impress me.
I want to be impressed
Because there's no way I'm
putting some kid on the street
Unless I know he's going to
cooperate with me 1,000%.
Got that, jump street?
I want to be impressed.
Let's go, sykes.
This is a map of the ground
you'll cover tomorrow.
This is the condo.
This is your one and only
driving route to the chess park
And these are
the chess tables
Inside your one and only
safe zone at the park.
You will not deviate
from the route
Or step outside
of the safe zone.
Why?
Oh, excellent question.
You see, any deviation
from your agreed-upon movements
Will be interpreted as distress
And an undercover element
will respond.
And that response
can get people killed.
You'll be under surveillance
by s.I.S. Here,
Here, here,
here, and here.
We call that
covering the compass.
We do it right,
it should look and feel like
You're completely alone.
Alone?
B-b-b-but what about you
And lieutenant provenza
and detective sanchez?
Rusty, we're trying
to draw the suspect out.
He has to believe
you're not being watched
Or he won't even try
to approach you.
Now, there's every possibility
He knows each detective
in major crimes.
Wait, wait, wait.
So, none of you guys
are even gonna be with me?
Anyone you know will be
well outside of the perimeter.
But don't you worry,
jump street.
You will be fully covered
by my people.
How will I know
who they are?
You won't.
But what if I --
what if I need help?
What if I have to do something
that's different
Than what we had
originally planned?
Listen, kid. There will be
no improvisation --
You got that?
None whatsoever.
That's what I'm trying to get
through your thick head.
Now, if you don't want the name
rusty beck to be the subject
Of a very sad
after-action meeting,
You will do everything exactly
as I tell you.
Ted sr.: The doctor just said
it was shock.
I guess I wasn't ready
for something like this.
Yeah, well, who is?
My only child.
[ sighs ]
You mentioned
there was another bomb.
Where is it?
Well, we were hoping
That you might be able
to help us with that.
How?
Well, you could start
By giving us a list of the
employees fired by your son.
Ray: Oh, my god.
You seem to have omitted
that yesterday, mr. Winters.
Oh, my god. Oh, my god. The
police -- I lied to the police.
They're going to arrest me.
Oh, my god. Oh, my god.
Mr. Winters. Mr. Winters!
It's fine.
Lying to the police
is not against the law.
Oh? Really?
I...Did not know that.
But we don't love it.
Ted sr.: Don't blame ray.
I told him
to withhold that information.
I thought you might look
at the names of the people
My son laid off
as a list of suspects.
But no one, none of my employees
Could not have had anything
to do with little ted's death.
They only found out
they were being fired
When they got their pink slips
yesterday, and by that time,
That bomb was already
on that car.
And that was his last act
on this earth.
He gave them no warning!
Some of those people
had been with me for decades.
To let them go
during the holidays?
[ sighs ]
I failed my son.
I tried to get him to do
the right thing,
But I failed him somehow.
Mr. King,
your son was a grown man.
You are not responsible
for his actions.
Wasn't it my job to lead him
into a mature adulthood?
Why did he start
turning everyone against me?
His mother left him
her share of the business.
My brother left him his.
Somehow, after 40 years
of selling cars,
Well, I don't know anything.
We understand
that little ted
Wanted to take more
of your business online.
Which was bullshit!
Uh, well, uh,
not exactly, big ted.
On the beta test
that darren set up,
Uh, people buying cars
from our website showed
We would make an extra
$1 million a year, actually.
We just deliver the car
from our inventory --
And turn our dealership
into a parking lot.
And losing some of my company
to his wife.
No one in my family's
ever been divorced before.
Awful!
Yeah. And he left olivia
for a man.
Well, I don't care about that.
Some people like automatic.
Some people like manuals.
But little ted's refusal
to keep his vows
Was allowing olivia
to destroy our profitability!
How?
What was olivia doing?
Uh, s-she was suing
To have a forensic accountant
look over our books.
You see, ted king auto sales
is a corporation
With several dba accounts.
We don't do anything illegal,
But some of our
floating inventory estimates
Might confuse the irs.
You know, big ted, if you
let us look at your books,
They would then become evidence
in your son's death
And it would take
a lot longer
For olivia's accountants
to gain access.
No, no, no, no.
We're not gonna let you do that.
Look through my house
all you want.
But I'll thank you
to stay out of my wallet.
Excuse me.
[ door opens, closes ]
Lieutenant reid
located the second bomb.
Oh, thank god.
Where was it?
Underneath
ray winters' car.
The comptroller.
Do we know
if the second bomb
Was remotely activated,
as well?
Reid: Rather than drive
through the streets
Towing an incendiary device
on the back of our vehicle,
Perform a forced detonation
in the containment truck.
He means we're blowing up
the bomb.
Flynn: Hey, guys!
Just finished the search of
olivia king's personal vehicle.
No bomb, obviously.
But we did find this --
An after-market key fob that
did not work on her own car.
Lieutenant.
Please proceed
with extreme caution.
This could be the remote
detonator to our bomb.
Well, there's one quick way
to find out.
Hold on.
We good?
Okay.
Can I give it a shot?
I just tried it.
You saw me try it.
Could be
the plastic bag.
[ sighs ]
I think the panic button
might work better
And maybe if you move
a little closer.
Watch it, mike, okay?
Tao:
The bomb containment chamber
Should give me
all the protection I need.
Right, lieutenant reid?
Uh, theoretically.
Fire in the hole!
[ clicking ]
Eh? Eh?
Maybe I'm out of range.
And maybe
it's the wrong fob.
All right, close enough.
Close enough!
Okay.
Well, fire in the hole?
[ explosion ]
[ chuckles ]
Provenza:
All right, flynn.
When is a bomb
not just a bomb?
When it's a smoking gun.
Buzz:
Say something, rusty.
Something rusty.
Oh. Highly original,
jump street.
Now, what is the most important
thing you have to do?
Stick with the plan.
Where are you going today
and every day?
To the park to play chess.
Good.
Now, remember,
you will be covered
The minute you leave
the garage downstairs.
Just don't try to figure out
how or by whom.
I will act
like a zombie.
Now, you stay
in the prearranged safe zone
And you signal distress
or threat by...
Rubbing the back of my head
three times with my left hand.
All right.
You just graduated from
jump street to number one.
Now, you do everything
exactly as I tell you,
And we will catch
this son of a bitch
Who's been threatening you.
Okay.
I can finish that.
All right, buzz.
Let's do a radio check.
Is this too tight?
Um, you know what?
Yeah, yeah.
Maybe just
a little looser.
I kind of
can't feel my fingers.
I thought so.
There.
Now, relax your shoulders.
Breathe.
Both:
[ breathes deeply ]
Believe it or not,
Being a little nervous
is a good sign.
It means that
you're taking this seriously,
Which I really appreciate.
Here is your jacket
And your chess pieces
are inside your backpack.
And your lunch.
And your pepper spray.
You ready?
Number one is on the move.
Don't worry.
The bad guy's probably not
gonna show up the first day.
Probably.
[ elevator bell dings ]
I have never seen that
thingamajig in my life.
Ma'am, we used that fob
we found in your car
To remotely detonate a bomb
We removed from ray winters'
personal vehicle.
What?! Ray?
Why would I kill ray?
God, as my attorney,
Aren't you supposed to, like,
object to them or something?
Not yet.
The bomb found
in mr. Winters' car,
Was it similar to the one
that, uh, blew up little ted?
Identical.
Both keyed
to remote detonation.
Correct.
One moment.
Mrs. King,
with your husband gone,
Is it true that you now own
part of the business?
Yes, but big ted already
offered to buy me out.
So, um, you've decided
to sell to him.
Well, I sued to get their books,
but it's gonna take forever
To figure out
what everything's worth.
There's so many accounts.
Ted king auto,
ted king automotive,
Ted king motors,
ted king quality cars --
Wait, wait.
Wait a minute.
Do you already have access
To the financial records
of ted king auto?
We do.
Two days ago,
A judge ordered ray winters
To turn over all
of the dealership's books.
And according to this
transcript, a court reporter
Has olivia on the stand
from 11:27 and 11:56 a.M.
And little ted blew up
at...
11:34 a.M.
And by remote detonation,
Do you mean from
anywhere in the world
Or within the contiguous
United States or...
More like
within 100 feet.
Olivia was 15 miles away
at the time.
So unless you can prove
to a jury
That she was two places
at once --
Thank you, gary.
That's right.
Everyone thought
I was coming into the dealership
that morning.
I only pretended I was coming in
so they wouldn't know
I was getting a court order
forcing them
To turn over
all of their books.
Okay, olivia.
Um, mr. Bridges?
Mm-hmm.
Um, we might be able
to look the other way
On this "key fob responsible
for detonating a bomb" business
Under one condition.
You started the interview
with big ted already?
Tao's bringing him in now.
How's rusty doing
so far?
Got a good appetite.
Ray sr.:
It's hard to believe
Olivia would do
something like this
To her own business.
But I guess when you screw
with the human heart,
All bets are off.
But would she try
and kill your comptroller?
Because she got no sense.
Does she, ray?
Yeah, well,
that's why we need your help.
See, we've been going over
the dealership's bank accounts.
Son of a bitch!
How did you get those?!
Olivia gave us a little peek.
Ray: Oh, god.
Is that why you read us
our rights?
Partly.
Anyway, you've got a lot of
different business names here.
Ted king automotive,
ted king motors, ted king --
We do that for balancing
inventory over fiscal quarters.
Standard industry practice.
We're not really interested
in that,
But we do have a question
about one of your accounts.
"ted king auto."
You mean
ted king auto sales.
No, not ted king auto sales.
That's your primary account.
The one we're interested in...
Is ted king auto.
Well, there is no account
called ted king auto.
Tell them, ray.
Oh, uh, it's news to me.
Ted king auto, huh?
No, never heard of that.
Really?
Because the ted king auto
account
Has fairly consistent deposits
and withdrawals.
Every week, $1,000 in,
$1,000 out.
Well, maybe little ted kept this
As kind of a slush fund
for that darren kid.
Well, except...
The ted king auto account
was opened 31 years ago,
When little ted
was really little.
Like 2.
You add up all this money,
And it comes
to $1,978,456.31.
We have
an electronic picture
Of some of the checks
deposited
And they all say the same thing
on the memo line.
Can you read this,
mr. King?
Mm.
"lifetime warranty."
Well, we try to sell one
of those with every vehicle
Because it's a significant
source of revenue.
Mainly because it doesn't cover
all the things
That go wrong in the car.
Because our automobiles
are 100% guaranteed pre-owned.
Plus that covers free car washes
for life -- for life!
Well, about once a week
when one of your customers
Purchased a lifetime
or free car washes for $1,000,
They were told to make
the check out to ted king auto
Instead of the usual account.
So, our question to you,
mr. Winters, is can you give us
The name attached to
the cayman island bank account
Where all this money went?
[ chuckles ]
how should I know?
Because
you're the comptroller.
Aren't you in charge
Of all the transactions
at the dealership?
Tao: Don't you have access
to all the accounts,
Including
the corporate credit cards?
Which were used
to purchase the material
In the bomb
that killed little ted.
Ray:
Now, I wasn't the only one
Who had access
to little ted's credit cards.
Olivia also had --
wait a sec.
We didn't say
little ted's credit card.
Just that it was
a corporate account.
Oh, uh, did I -- did I misspeak?
A little.
Ted sr.: Wait a minute.
L-let's go back.
I don't understand.
Why would ray --
Tao:
It's very simple, sir.
Ray here
was embezzling from you.
Your son
was getting divorced.
His wife hired an accountant
To go over
your financial records,
Which meant ray
was about to be found out.
So he tried to halt
the process by...
By blowing up my son?!
I think that was more
of a panic response.
The mercedes s.U.V.
Was originally intended
for olivia.
Tao: So, with her
out of the way, the divorce,
The request to see
the dealership's books
Would go up in smoke.
But olivia wouldn't take
the mercedes.
Am I right?
So you switched targets.
The divorce would still go away
with little ted gone.
Well, that doesn't make
any sense.
There was a bomb on my car.
Someone was trying to kill me.
No one was trying
to kill you.
You put that bomb
on your own car
To take suspicion
away from yourself.
Ray?
Now, now, now, now, big ted,
They're just painting this
picture the worst possible way.
You killed my boy
for a lousy $1,000 a week?!
Hey, let go of me!
You son of a bitch!
Such a lousy $1,000 a week,
Why didn't you add it
to my paycheck?!
You never
treated me right.
Your son treated me
like a servant.
The day little ted came in
to work, he acted like
He knew better
than everyone else
And you never bothered
to teach him
The basics
of ordinary respect!
You have no right to talk --
[ grunts ]
please, sir.
Sit.
[ groans ]
Before I say anything else,
I think I should get a lawyer
And see if there's some way
to work all this out.
Oh, I think that
we could get you a deal
With a lifetime guarantee,
mr. Winters.
First, of course, we'll have
to run it by our manager.
Well, I'll see
what we can do.
And checkmate.
[ door opens ]
Well?
Yeah. He's almost made it
through his first day.
Almost. Almost.
Hey.
Mind if I give you a try?
Yeah, I could go
for another.
Okay.
Keep packing up.
Walk calmly.
Go to your car.
Do not touch the back
of your head.
Unlock your vehicle
And wait for me
to drive ahead of you.
If your babysitters figure out
that I'm here,
Your mother dies.
[ sighs ]
[ car alarm disables ]
[ screams ]
I told you stick
to the plan no matter what
And you always check
the backseat of your vehicle.
No. Amy, there's a guy
out there --
There's a guy out there
and he's threatening me,
he's threatening my mom.
He's one of us.
Congratulations.
You failed your field test.
In real life,
you'd have died
And maybe gotten
s.I.S. Officers killed, too.
Oh, my god, amy.
I didn't --
Start your engine.
Pull away from the curve
and drive the way I told you
While we talk about
what an idiot you are.
Amy, I-I am so sorry.
I really am.
I'm so sorry.
Great. We'll put that
on your tombstone.
"here lies rusty beck.
He was really sorry."
I said drive.
[ engine turns over ]